many people panicked when they knew he
was coming for them
this guy can took down 12 assassins in
just seconds
john wick is one of the most notorious
assassins in the world
but after his wife passed away he
retired to keep his hand clean
john wick has two things that he loved
the most the dog that his past wife left
him
and a kick-ass mustang one day john wick
was filling his gas
there were three russians came up one of
them was teresov who just saw john
wick's car and immediately wanted it
tarasov asked to buy the car
but john wick refused later that night
terasov and his two friends broke into
john wick's house
beat him with an iron rod and then they
even killed the dog he treasured the
most right in front of him
they did not know who they were messing
with they happily drove john wick's car
to a car repair garage working in the
terrace of father
the owner of the garage just looked at
the car and knew whose it was right away
he angrily asked them was the owner of
the car killed when they took that car
teresa replied no but we killed his dog
the boss gave him a hard punch obviously
the boss knows what kind of person john
wick is
this time they messed with the wrong one
tarasov's father is a gangster's boss
that night the boss phoned the garage's
owner to ask
why he beat his son the owner of the
garage explained
because he stole john wick's car and
killed his dog
the boss waited for his son to come home
then beat the crap out of him
but teresa still did not get it he
thought that john wick was just nobody
john wick could not stand the fact that
his dog was killed
he broke the floor to get his weapon and
prepared to take revenge
the boss knew that the fact his son
messes with this man
would definitely end up getting his
revenge so he decided to take the first
move
he hired 12 assassins to come to john
wick's house
and get rid of him but john wick has
been prepared and waited for them
he took down all 12 of them within a
blink of an eye the next target was the
man who killed his dog
while the gangster's boss announced that
if anyone killed john wick
he would be rewarded with two million
dollars to make sure
he even hired a friend of john marcus
also a famous sniper assassin
despite him being a friend of john wick
in the underworld
there was no such thing called
friendship marcus took out his weapon
he knew how to respond to this john wick
knew
that his house was no longer safe so he
moved to the continental hotel
this is a hotel dedicated to assassins
the hotel clearly states
that no one could kill anyone in this
hotel's area or it would cost their
lives
that night john wick went to the
nightclub to find tarasov
but teresov quickly escaped while john
wick was also injured
he went back to the hotel to rest but
didn't know
that marcus had aimed a gun at him from
the opposite building
at this time a female assassin also
sneaked into john wick's room
marcus immediately took a shot and hit
john wick's below to warn him
it turned out that marcus had decided to
help john wick instead of killing him
originally the hotel had a policy not to
kill anyone there
but the gang boss gave a more attractive
term that just by killing john wick in
the hotel
the reward would be four million dollars
the female assassin was restrained by
john wick
and interrogated where the gang boss
kept the money
john wick did not break the law of the
hotel he did not kill the female
assassin
he found a place that kept all the gangs
money and set a fire
to burn all of it knowing the news the
gang boss immediately rushed to find him
but john wick did not leave he waited
here to kill the boss's crew
but at this moment one of the crew crash
into him caused him to pass out
just woke up john wick was beaten up
immediately
the gang boss handed him over to two
guys to handle marcus appeared and shot
down one
john wick took the chance and also take
down the other one
then john wick again carried a gun to
chase the gangster boss
now he was scared and told him where his
son is and begged john wick to spare his
life
john wick found where the boss's son was
hiding he stood outside
knocked out all the guards then blew up
all the cars
teresov had no way to run john wick got
the job done quickly
did not give him a plea shoot him to
fulfill his revenge
the gangster knew that marcus did not
follow orders
betrayed him so he sent the assassin to
kill marcus
the female assassin also did not live
long after going out
she was eliminated by the hotel owner
for breaking the hotel rules
john whit knew that his friend marcus
was dead
so he chased the gangster boss to
revenge for his friend
he caught up with the boss's convoy
stressed the gas pedal to knock down a
car
then crashed into the boss's car caused
the car to crash into the pole on the
run kills all the gangsters and fights
the boss one-on-one
john quickly took out the boss and was
seriously injured
on the way home jon stopped at a
veterinary clinic
and take care of a wounded pit bull at
that moment
john wick's heart finally felt warm
again after that
he and the dog walked home along the
riverside to continue a new journey
[Music]
you